# Service Worker
A service worker is a type of web worker. A service worker executes in the registering service worker client's origin.

A service worker has an associated state, which is one of "parsed", "installing", "installed", "activating", "activated", and "redundant". It is initially "parsed".

A service worker has an associated script url (a URL).

A service worker has an associated type which is either "classic" or "module". Unless stated otherwise, it is "classic".

A service worker has an associated containing service worker registration (a service worker registration), which contains itself.

A service worker has an associated global object (a ServiceWorkerGlobalScope object or null).

A service worker has an associated script resource (a script), which represents its own script resource. It is initially set to null.

A script resource has an associated has ever been evaluated flag. It is initially unset.

A script resource has an associated HTTPS state (an HTTPS state value). It is initially "none".

A script resource has an associated referrer policy (a referrer policy). It is initially the empty string.

A service worker has an associated script resource map which is an ordered map where the keys are URLs and the values are responses.

A service worker has an associated skip waiting flag. Unless stated otherwise it is unset.

A service worker has an associated classic scripts imported flag. It is initially unset.

A service worker has an associated set of event types to handle (a set) whose item is an event listener’s event type. It is initially an empty set.

A service worker has an associated set of extended events (a set) whose item is an ExtendableEvent. It is initially an empty set.
